{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17420\viewh10380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 First Model Attempt \'96 Ed 17/07/2021\
\
Disclaimer: I am a very inexperienced machine learner so don\'92t assume any of this is correct :)\
\
Python Scripts:\
\
1)   The first two scripts are for a simple regression between Hydrogen content and Radius (second and third columns of the data). \
\
The first script is a working model that maps quite well, the small dataset (trained on about 70 points) means a complicated net can be ran quickly and fit the training data well. Because the test data is small (17 points) the fit here isn\'92t fantastic. \
\
The second script is an attempt to use keras_tuner. This requires the model to be written differently and essentially tests the model with various hyperparameter combinations and chooses the one with minimal loss. This takes time so I ran this a few times and used the chosen parameters in the first script. \
\
2) The third script is a model which takes the first two columns and gives out a 721 length vector. There is varying degrees of success for each features in the mapping from basically perfect to quite poor. I wonder if some of the unusual behaviour particularly at low mass slows learning. The model learns progressively slower but so far seems to have no lower limit if you have long enough\'85\
\
\
\
Questions:\
\
Managed to use keras_tuner to attempt to optimise learning rate, activation function, number of nodes in each layer, but could not find a way to optimise the number of hidden layers.\
\
The final output layer must be the same dimension as the output vector, so for the second model must have 721 nodes. This seems rather a lot and I wonder if it is necessary. \
\
There is a nice way to build in normalisation into the input layer, but it requires tensorflow 2.1 or higher, and I cannot seem to get any higher than 2.0\
}